Friends, today I've brought an amazing tool for all of you.  Just look here. I just have to write what I want to make a video about, and as I search, you can see here, I only wrote "how to grow on youtube," and it told me that the title isn't right; I should use "how to grow on youtube fast." If you use this, you'll get better responses. You can copy it in one click and paste it into your YouTube video. Below that, it shows what keywords and text to use.  Below that, it shows what your video script should be. You can see here; it will show you everything, and then it will show you thumbnails. After going to the Play Store, you have to download the application, which is U-TOOLS-SU-TOOLS. As soon as you download it, this interface will appear. If you use this, your views will start increasing even more, and you'll get 100% SEO-friendly titles, tags, descriptions, and much more. So, don't skip the last minute. In Open VT, you can open YouTube and extract the tags of any video to see what tags they've used.  Along with that, in Paste URL, you can…  Look, I'm simply going to Open VT, and I'll have many videos here. Okay, this is my homepage. Now, let's say I tap on this video, then tap on share. This gives us an idea of what tags our competitors are using in their videos. Along with that, you can select and copy any tag you want. I simply tap here and write whatever title I want for my video. After that, whichever country you want to target your video in… Along with that, I'm also shown different recommended keywords, whose score is also shown here, and I'm given many topic ideas.  It's not just a few; there are many.  And whatever topic you search for, you'll be given hundreds of different keyword ideas. Now, whichever keywords you like… let's say this one, this one, this one, this one… Now, look what we do; we go back, and after coming back, I'll tell you about the third tool shown last; I'll tell you some secrets, so stay tuned for that video. As I search for "Photoshop Tutorial for Beginners," I've also made a video on this topic. I don't know if it's showing up in the search or not. Yes, that video is showing up in the search. Now, what we'll do is… here's our video. Now, whatever keyword you want to check your video's ranking for, you have to copy that keyword and paste it into the application.  It's telling me that the video is not in the top 100, which is completely wrong. Now look, some application… this needs to be criticized. The current problem with this application is that it's not showing the correct ranking. If I write "India" here, it will tell me what content is currently trending in India. If I want to target any country, I'll write it here, and it will show me the trending content for that country. Here, whatever video you want to make, you'll simply write it. For example, I write "How to make roti," okay? And as we search for this topic, title suggestions are given to me. If you're watching this video a day or two later, thumbnails will also be shown. Along with that, we shouldn't leave everything to AI. I told you I'd tell you a secret that you need to keep in mind. So, you have "how to make roti" here; it's come the same, the title has become better, and you'll be provided with a better description because this time you gave a very good command. And in this way, you can copy and paste repeatedly…