Friends, have you ever wondered how channels like Aaj Tak and NDTV News manage 24x7 livestreams? And what are the benefits of a 24x7 livestream? If you don't know, then my friend, it's very important for you to know.  You don't need to record separate videos, nor do you have to livestream for hours. So let's understand the entire process practically. And yes, in the first 30 seconds of the video, I've told you all a very important thing. If you haven't paid attention to this, it could cause a big problem for your channel. You have to touch the "Create" button shown in the top right corner. After that, click on "Go Live," and then keep clicking "Next" on all the options that appear. After that, this page will appear in front of you where you'll find "Stream," "Schedule," and "Manage" written on a simple and plain background.  You can also use more advanced settings here according to your needs. After that, simply save and return to the stream page. After that, two options will be shown to you here. The first one is logging in to YouTube, and the second one is streaming with Stream Key. You have to tap on the second one. Go back to the Chrome browser and then copy the Stream URL and Stream Key shown here and paste them here. After that, click on "Next," and here you have to pick the resolution according to your needs. That is, do you want to do a vertical stream or a horizontal stream? And then tap on the video and select the video that you want to livestream 24x7 on your YouTube channel. After doing this, you also need to add a title for your livestream in the app. Now, one more thing to keep in mind is to leave the "Success" button (at the top) as it is; otherwise, the video will stop livestreaming after playing once. That is, you can livestream 24x7 on your YouTube channel from your mobile phone. But friends, one thing to keep in mind in all this is to not share your stream key with anyone by mistake, otherwise, they can livestream on your YouTube channel without your permission.