After many experiments, we found that only 5 out of 100 people click on thumbnails of a certain type.  On the other hand, thumbnails of a different design get 15-20 clicks out of 100. If you use a proper facial reaction in your thumbnail, your chances of getting views increase significantly. We observed that a proper facial reaction creates suspense; if the character is showing a certain expression, the video will likely show something similar.  However, to use different types of photos for different types of thumbnails, you need a variety of photos and should start collecting different kinds of stock photos. For example, you can use a sad face, a shocked face, etc.  When you edit your video, capture screenshots from it.

Tip number two: Font style. Most YouTubers use the default font or very stylized fonts on their thumbnails, thinking it looks good. But using a professional and minimalistic font significantly increases the chances of people clicking on your thumbnail, and it will also look better within the thumbnails. Now look at these two thumbnails – which one do you prefer? The second one, right? If I zoom out on these thumbnails, you'll notice that the one with a better background image is more appealing. But selecting a good background image isn't enough; we need to take another step: download an image related to the type of video you're making. What is shown in your video? I'm showing you five different color schemes on screen to illustrate how backgrounds and fonts should be.  If you want more background options, go to Pixabay and simply search for "background."  Keep clicking through the pages to find more background options. Do this, do that... you'll find similar things when you go to school.  Here are the top three websites where you can download various types of stickers for free.

Tip number five, and this is the most important: uniqueness. Your subscribers should be able to identify your videos without seeing your face or text, simply by recognizing your style. This will significantly increase your click-through rate.