Friends, the video you just watched, I didn't script it, I didn't record it, I didn't edit it, and yet you can see an amazing output. Today I'm going to tell you all about five different websites. The first one will be for finding content for us. The second one will be for researching content. The third one will be for writing exact word-to-word scripts for us. Whenever we try to target other countries, the first thing that comes to our mind is what content is going viral the most in those countries. Now, to find out what content in other countries, within finance or any other category, is trending or which creator has good views on every video, and to find out... the name that keeps appearing, we'll copy it here. After copying, we'll go to YouTube. After going to YouTube, we'll search for the same name here. As soon as I search this name, after touching it, we'll also have to see what kind of content can go viral for us, what can work for us. So how will we figure that out? See, we'll have to divide our content into two different parts: 50% will be the content that went most popular on their channel, and 50% will be the content that was uploaded latest on their YouTube channel. To find out, you'll simply go to Videos. After going to Videos, you'll scroll down a little. Now let's say there's a video, let's say "How To Get A Perfect Credit Score". This is a video that is watched in every country. So to create this video with AI, what will you do first? You will press and hold this video, and after pressing, you will copy the link here. After doing this process, we have got one content, the idea selection is done. Now let's talk about content research. Simply, you have to come here, paste the link you copied, and click "Generate Summary". And you will get the summary of the entire video here, like the summary, highlights, and what was discussed in the video. Proper content insights are available to you. After going here, what will you do? Now think, you have created a good summary of your 30-minute content without watching the YouTube video directly. This means our content research is done. You will come back to ChatGPT, and after coming here, you will enter this command. And when we have a proper script, what will we do? We will go to the copy icon here. After going there, we'll go inside any text-to-speech tool. I'm using ElevenLabs here. But if you want to generate audio from text for free, you can also use this tool, this tool, and this tool. And now when you have a proper audio, of fully researched content, what is our next step? Editing the video. For this, I will recommend two different tools. The first one is invideo.ai. Here, if you write the script, it will automatically pick up the script and edit your video. And these are all the prompts I used in the video. You can post the video and write these down in a notebook and use them wherever you want.