Friends, a question has been asked to me many times in the feedback, and that question is: Sir, can we use Bollywood music in our YouTube videos, and what effect will it have on our videos? So today I'm going to give you a proper guide on when you can use it, when you can't, and how you can download Bollywood music, upload it to your channel, and earn money.  First, let's talk about the 100% legal method. If you're making YouTube short videos, you can click on "Create Short," go to the Audio Library, and use any music there.  There will be no strike or anything else; we don't face any problems from claims.

Next, let's talk about the second method. You must have seen many girls or boys who make cover music, meaning they use a Bollywood song. The answer is yes, but not 100%. It's based on revenue sharing. If you make a cover song and use a song from any company like T-Series or Zee Music, a copyright claim will come on your video.  Even if you get a million views, in some cases, if you misuse it illegally... (The sentence repeats "koi koi" excessively, indicating a stumble in speech and can be omitted in translation). But if you're making a 100% genuine cover song or something else, there won't be any problem on your channel. At most, you might get a claim.

Now let's talk about a method that 99% of you don't know. If I'm a music composer or I create new songs and I have a Content ID, I can mix my song with a very popular T-Series song and upload it on YouTube. Because I've uploaded a T-Series song along with my song, my views will increase, and I'll earn money. To put it simply, you can leverage the popularity of the song and earn money from it. But only those with a Content ID can use this method. You only get a Content ID when your channel reaches a good level, and such videos get millions of views. You can take advantage of this, but again, remember, I can't guarantee 100% that there won't be a strike or claim.

That's it for this episode. See you in a new episode tomorrow. Until then, keep watching and learning.