So, look, before starting today's episode, you should know one thing: if you want to increase your views, you have to increase your interaction with your audience. If you want to, on my YouTube channel, on Community Post, look here, I've made many different posts, from which I get a lot of benefit. But many YouTubers don't know how to use it.  Hello friends, welcome to Seek Official Show YouTube Secrets 9. Let's begin. First, let's understand in the show what the Community tab is. So if you want to upload any video, the fourth option is the post one, this is called a Community Post. Now what is this? Let's explore it deeply in very little time. If you come here, the first feature is the shout-out. Add @ and mention any YouTuber you want. Suppose you have a YouTube channel and you want me to check it out, what can you do? Go to your YouTube channel and using this feature, you can mention any YouTuber, give a shout-out in your Community Post.  So you can leave a short message here like, "Friends, my video won't be coming today, check back tomorrow." At least a notification will reach your audience that you are not uploading any video today. If you touch the poll here, look, the option is given as to what kind of question you want to ask. Let's say, "Which video did you like most?" Okay, we put a poll here, "Which video did you like most?" And if I'm confused here and so on, I can add different options here. Now, as soon as I post, this poll will go to all my subscribers. After touching which, I'll write two different names here. After that, you will also have to tell what the correct answer is. Here you have to tick one answer which will be correct. And after that, you will post. If they give the correct answer, they will know; if they give the wrong answer, they will also know. And the best part is that whenever you create something here and then post it, if you come here, I asked a question in a video, "What do you think about the video?" People see, YouTube tips have been most demanded.  Meaning, the audience of my channel, and using the same method, you too can find out all this on your channel. So friends, these were all the methods by using which you can boost your views with the help of Community Posts.