This website will tell you which colors you should use on your thumbnails for free.  There are many excellent color combinations here.  You can also use this color wheel to find out which colors in your thumbnails will look more attractive.  The thumbnails you see here are not normal thumbnails.  In the last 30 seconds, I'll explain some settings that you can use to better optimize your thumbnail scores.  There's no signup, no login, and no payment required. We can check everything for free.  The color palettes are right here at the top. If you tap here, you'll need to see what kind of thumbnail you have. If it's a Fashion and Beauty thumbnail, you can use the top color. If it's an Earnings thumbnail, you can use the second palette.  You can start creating thumbnails using it. Now, it may be that you don't like any of these color palettes, and you want a white background or a red background. When you search for that, Canva's color wheel will appear.  See here, when you tap here and pick any color—like if I pick any color here—After considering these two factors, the third factor is safe margins. Now you'll ask, sir, how are safe margins in YouTube thumbnails? You have to plan your thumbnails so that you first write some font on the left, then on the right, and then on the far right.  This means that the highest priority item should be placed on the far right. This is a psychological fact; if you do this, you'll get more clicks on your thumbnails than normal.  The fourth factor is the rule of thirds, so that the main content is shown to the audience and the branding is also done in 30%. If I come down here, you'll see that the same thing has been used here as well; the 30% part shows the character.  So you should also create your thumbnails like this. First, divide it into different parts using grid lines, and only then start editing. By the way, if you spend two hours, four hours, or ten hours on a thumbnail using grid lines, that's not necessary. We want thumbnails with more text that are easy to understand. Now I'll show you a side-by-side comparison. This is one thumbnail, and if I go back and tap any other thumbnail, which thumbnail did you like better? Obviously, this one. And that's how it is on YouTube too. You have to create thumbnails that are easy to understand and that anyone can understand at first glance.  YouTube says you can upload thumbnails of 1280 x 720 pixels to YouTube, and if you want better quality, you can create and upload thumbnails in 1920 x 1080 pixels.  So you should only follow these two resolutions, and your thumbnails will perform best on YouTube. If you liked the content, like it as much as possible. Thanks for watching.