Friends, have you ever wondered how YouTube reaches your content to new people and when? Because it's not like if you have only one subscriber. But the problematic thing is that people don't know how recommendations work. And the good thing is that YouTube tells us something about how we can benefit from this whole process. What are the things we should pay attention to? To find this out, first, we have to open YT Studio. After that, we have to click on Analytics, and then in the Overview section, you have to click on this tab or search for it.  And which factors it works on, it completely depends on your audience, your subscribers, and the people watching you. In the next slide, you are given a closer look at all this, where your content is shown placed among your competitors. From here, we should get two ideas: what kind of content and what kind of thumbnail we should create that surpasses all of them. In the next slide, a completely fresh sheet appears in front of you, which says how much people on YouTube are choosing your videos. In my case, I haven't been active on YouTube for the last three or four months, so right now, only four out of ten of my subscribers are clicking on my videos; they are not even watching me, which is absolutely not right. After that, in the next slide, it is shown that in the category of videos that I make, my average watch time for a 10-minute video is 2 minutes, while for others, it's around 5 minutes and 10 seconds. In the next slide, you are told that it's not that whatever came to your mind, you made it; you put any title and thumbnail and also wasted time by just rambling in the video. And if the feedback is negative, it stops the growth of your videos. Along with that, penalties can also be imposed on your channel. If you want your videos to be sent in recommendations, then keep in mind factors like authenticity, second competition, and third seasonality. If you make videos keeping these three things in mind, then your videos will go properly in YouTube recommendations.