Friends, if you sometimes watch some videos of a YouTuber, that's a normal YouTuber. But if you eagerly wait for every single video of a YouTuber, so that people eagerly wait for each of our videos, and as soon as we publish a video, millions of views come in, many people just focus on making videos; for example, nobody even watches their videos, they just keep working hard. But now times are changing, we don't need hard work, we need smart work. Or else, like Round2Hell, they upload one video in a year. So what's the reason? They don't have content, or they don't have a team, or they don't know how to make videos?  None of that. Ashish Chanchlani hasn't uploaded any videos for the last year, and his audience is crazy, wondering which video will come next, and eagerly waiting for his videos. And if you are in the same situation, what's the reason behind it? Behind it are five qualities that you should know.  The first quality: Versatility vs. Quantity. People think that uploading more videos on YouTube leads to faster growth. But if it takes you a whole day to make a video – scripting, recording, editing – then don't try to force yourself to make it in one day. Take two whole days for that video. Second: Uniqueness. Just like any new business needs a USP (Unique Selling Proposition), similarly, your, my, and everyone's YouTube channel needs it. And you can build your own separate category and make the competition zero there. For example, there are many comedy channels, but Ashish Chanchlani's videos are unique. And if you have time in between, you can create suspense for your upcoming video. Suspense in the sense that something like this might happen in my upcoming video. Well, this doesn't matter as much as the fourth factor does. Third: Reason to Research. After watching a video once, will someone want to watch your video again? Make a video so good that they enjoy it. Because even today, there are some comedy shows that I like so much that even if I watch them two or three times, I don't get bored. But there are some comedy shows that I can't even watch for five minutes. That content is called engaging content. And at the same time, the content should be such that it can be shared with family, friends, everyone. But, but, but, there's one mistake that can kill your channel even after doing all five things. We'll talk about it in the upcoming episode. But till then, you shouldn't miss a single episode of ours. And if you like our video, please give it a 5-star rating and boost our motivation.