Friends, whether you are a new YouTuber or an old YouTuber, whether you have few subscribers or many subscribers, you should know about content planning. Now, I don't want to hide anything from my Seekho family, so you can see on my phone's screen, my personal secret. This is my Seekho's list, written date-wise, of what content I'm going to upload. And this is nothing, there are many more things you should know if you are a YouTube video creator, whether your channel is new or old. As soon as you download it, after downloading, when you open this app, this interface will appear in front of you. So simply, what we will do, first we will touch the plus icon. If you want to do any work date-wise, you have to write the date one by one. But it's not like that here. Here, what we will do, simply, we will write 'Enter Text and Formula'. Here, if I pull this arrow down, nothing will happen. You can see, no matter how much you stretch it, nothing will happen. But, but, but, if you touch here, I had told about three different types of content. Now, if you want to know in detail, you will have to watch that episode. You can see the thumbnail here, search for Seekho. But for now, I'll tell you very briefly what Hub, Hero, Help is. Hub means content that should be shown to those who are already your subscribers, meaning those who have subscribed, you create content for them. Hero means content that your previous subscribers will also watch. Here, I will write Hub, then I want hero content to be uploaded here, I will write hero here, here I want help content to be uploaded, I have made a mixture of all three contents. After doing this, we have one more. Now comes the question of how to plan content further. So keep one thing in mind, when you plan content, you have many topics, and you cannot write them one by one. For example, let's say my channel is Comfort Earning, so here I write CEYT, meaning Comfort Earning YouTube. If I am working on Instagram, I will write CEIG there, okay. After that, we will write the current month here. And in this way, we can, after touching Simplist, pull this arrow down. After touching this, we will touch Auto Fill. Now you will see, our codes are automatically written down here. Now our job is that we know what kind of content to upload on which date. We will have to search for that content on YouTube. So you can see on my phone's screen, my personal secret.