Friends, if you work anywhere or have work done, you already know when you have to go to the office, what work to do, and you have a full calendar.  Recently, my manager told me that if I want to grow on YouTube, I need to create my calendar: when to upload which video, what kind of videos to upload, and how to utilize YouTube's features. This episode is about my calendar and all of this in detail. Hello guys, welcome to Seekho Official Show YouTube Secrets. Now let's begin. So first, we'll download Google Sheets from Play Store. I'll create one for all of you.  An interface like this will appear in front of me, meaning many sheets will open. Now what I have to do here is go to the start, and the current date is 2024. After doing this, write it and stretch it down like this. And here, by touching anywhere on it, we'll tap autofill. Then all the dates will be written. After doing this, I have to see how much time I have. Do I have one hour, two hours, three hours a day? And I have to figure out how many videos I can make in how much time. Now let's assume that you need to create a calendar for yourself or I need to create one for my YouTube channel, how will we do it?  So we have to create a calendar where everything is optimized. So we simply write CEYT, then a hyphen, and here we write L. L means Long Videos. This means we want to upload a long video on that day. After that, in the next section, we'll write CEYT-S. This means we want to upload a short video on that day.  If I want to upload a short video one day and not the other, then you can write NULL here, select both, and drag it down. And after bringing it down, tap autofill. Then you'll have a complete list. As you all know, when we tap the plus button on the YouTube app, four options appear: Video, Live, Shorts, and Post. So here I will write them one by one. First day: Creation, Second day: Critique, Third day: Poll, Fourth day: Image, Fifth day: Lifestyle. And after doing this, touch the topmost one and drag it down.  And since we know that if we do any task for 21 days, we get used to it, you just have to create a good calendar and follow it for 21 days.