Whether you create a 4K, HD, or HDR video, when you upload it to YouTube, YouTube compresses and modifies your video in its own way.  The settings mentioned at the end are those YouTube itself recommends to all creators so their videos are optimized in the best way. So, don't skip even the last 30 seconds. This happens to you too, right? How can you fix this? The first step is in video editing. Whichever video editor you use – VN, CapCut, Premiere Pro, DaVinci, or any other software –  as I do, go to filters, then adjustments. Some settings need to be done in your video before editing. After that, we shouldn't touch Brightness,  we shouldn't touch Exposure, and a big mistake most people make is touching Saturation. We shouldn't even look at that. We should go directly to Vibrancy. If you feel the video colors are a little dull, it will automatically boost the colors in your video on your mobile phone or laptop. After that, we'll move a little further. There's a simple Sharpness setting; increase it by 10-15%. Now, don't think that Sharpness means let's increase it to 100%. If you do 100%, the video quality will become very bad. So we'll keep it only around 10-15%. And after that, you need to go to Shadows. If you feel there are not good colors on your face, if you feel there's harsh light on your face – sometimes when shooting, one side becomes completely white, the other side has normal skin – in that case, what you can do is, we have a setting called Highlights. You can use these four settings in your video before exporting during editing. After that, our biggest question is, at what settings will you export the video? What you'll do is simply go to Export, and whatever settings you recorded the video in, export the video in the same settings. Now, many people sometimes do this, but they don't know that if someone plays their 4K video at 360p or 720p, will it look clear? Absolutely not, because you haven't properly optimized the video.  To best optimize your video on YouTube, you can directly search on Google for "best export settings for YouTube." As soon as you search, if I go to frame rate, YouTube says you can export the video at any frame rate you want, okay? Along with this, if you want to upload a 4K video, the Mbps of your video should be between 35 and 45.  Also, if your video is at a high bitrate...