Friends, if you are a new YouTuber, today I'm going to tell you all some tricks after which your content will never flop.  Every video of yours will go viral, and not only that... Greetings friends, I am Hawasing Sikho Official, and on YouTube Secrets, I welcome you all. Let's learn something new today. We won't talk about copy-pasting; we'll talk about smart copy-pasting methods. With this, we will copy someone's content without them even knowing. Let me show you practically how to do this. Now tell me one thing, are there millions and billions of applications worldwide with every video looking different? Absolutely not! Because if you play each of these videos one by one, after two or three videos...you'll see many videos appearing here, meaning many videos are going by. But do you think all the videos will be different? Will all of them have different styles? And if we want to copy-paste this video smartly, we only need to keep three things in mind. First, what is the title of this video? We need to make a video longer than 30 seconds or a minute, which is ranking at the top. Because when you make a longer video, your video...how this video is made, what is the speaking style, what is said in the intro, what is said in the middle of the video, how it's explained...Second thing, this is not a singular method. We shouldn't make videos targeting only YouTube search. We have to go to the homepage, then to the trending icon. Now, as you can see here, the iPhone 15 Apple Event video is trending. So, you can infer that if you also have a technology channel where you talk about gadgets, you can watch similar videos and copy-paste the content, but in your own style. People will still watch your video. Now comes the most important part; you cannot skip this. Simply, you have to go to YT Studio. After going to YT Studio, go to Analytics, then to Audience. And after going to Audience, look at the very bottom. Here you will find out which channels' videos your channel's audience watches.  If you think, "This content idea, I can make a better video on this," then recreate this video, copy-paste the content, but in your own style, your editing style, so people will watch your video more.  Use this strategy. If you are a new YouTuber and you are not getting content ideas, and if you follow this, you are guaranteed to see results.