Friends, have you ever seen videos on YouTube where a creator is using someone else's content in their videos and earning money from it? Like reaction channels, Luxsh Chaudhari, and if we want, how can we use someone else's video to earn money without getting a copyright strike? Today I'm going to explain to you YouTube's rule, which we call Fair Use Policy. If you are a YouTube video creator, you should definitely know about it. If you don't know, watch the video carefully till the end because there's something very special mentioned at the end that you should know. But there's a big secret here that people often don't tell you. I'll tell you in a bit, but not everyone can take advantage of Fair Use. Only creators who make content in these four categories can benefit from it. Criticism: If you want to criticize a TV show, movie, song, etc., and want to talk about it in your language, in this case, you can also take advantage of Fair Use in your videos. If you add your own value and mimic another content creator or create a spoof, you can also take advantage of Fair Use for that kind of content. That is, there's no 100% guarantee that you won't get a strike. If the other person insists on removing the video and giving a strike, then they can take legal action. And if the matter becomes serious, the court usually looks at four things: First, the purpose of use. Why did you use someone else's content? If it falls under the four factors I mentioned earlier, then your case will become solid. Second, the effect on the market. Has the use of your content affected the financial status of the other person? If not, the case will be in our favor. Third, the amount and substantiality of the portion used. Fourth and last, the nature of the work. What is the nature of the content you copied? Is it educational? Is it entertainment? What kind of content is it? Now, these are all technical things. Let's try to understand all this practically. For example, a new song by Honey Singh is launched, you played it for five seconds, ten seconds, and then gave your reaction. This type of content is also considered under Fair Use. Second, give credit to whoever's content you use. Write in the video description that I have used their content.