Friends, for earning money from YouTube, it's very important for your YouTube channel to be monetized. And if your YouTube channel is not yet monetized, today I'm going to tell you all four such tricks.  Initially, everyone doesn't get many views. You can see on the screen, this channel currently has only 293,412 views, very few. But if I go to analytics...but how did this happen? My latest videos are getting absolutely no views. Well, this happened because of consistency. If you regularly make videos here, and even if your video quality isn't very good... Tip no.2 Regions to Revoge. See, any startup, any business, what's the first thing they look at? If a customer has been acquired for the first time, how many days do they stay?  Meaning, for how long do they use their product? And we should try that if any subscriber comes to us, they watch all our videos for a very long time, so that I can reach new users more easily. To check this, what can you do? So we have to make our videos in such a way that any user who comes to our channel for the first time comes back to our channel again and again, or watches your other videos. By doing this, even if we have ten videos on our channel, and let's say one person comes to our channel, they watched one of our videos, and if they liked it... see, the first video is 17 minutes, then the second video we have is 10 minutes, 11 minutes, then 17 minutes, and you'll see that all the videos coming are more than 10 minutes long, but what's happening is short v... Whenever you make any video on YouTube, the longer your video is, YouTube's algorithm pushes it that much more. You should make longer videos, whether it's 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 20 minutes, and if possible, you can also make tutorials, which are even longer, or podcasts, which reduce your watch time, very few... Sir, how to increase subscribers? So look, I'm telling you tricks to increase subscribers too. Many times it happens that when we make longer videos, the watch time on our videos comes. You will see here that when 4000 hours of watch time is completed on our channel and 1000 subscribers are reached, this YouTube channel will be monetized. If you think that your content is such that subscribers will be completed very quickly, but watch hours cannot be completed quickly, then what can you do?