Friends, take a look at the thumbnails of my YouTube channel.  The fonts you see in the thumbnails, do you also use such fonts in your thumbnails? But if you open any app for creating thumbnails, you will see that you get very limited fonts, like Roboto, Arial, or many other fonts that don't look attractive.  Just download the fonts for free, import them, and start using them. So let's learn something new today. As I create my thumbnails many times using the Pixel Lab application, which you can download for free on the Play Store. Now, if you go to fonts here, we'll go directly to Google. So look friends, to download fonts, the first step will be to go to google.com. And after coming here, you have to search for one thing: Google Font Download. After coming here, we will simply tap on Google Fonts, and this website will open in front of us. After that, we have many different fonts here, which we can download and use as we wish. Wait, I'll tell you how to download, but before that, I need to explain two things.  Simply, we have to go to the filter, then go a little down, tap on Language, and after tapping here, whichever language fonts you want to download, you will search for it here, like  'K' and many beautiful fonts will start appearing in front of me. Now let's say there's a font that I like and I want to use it in my thumbnail. So I will simply tap on it here. Now, as soon as you tap on Download Font, this font will be saved in your gallery. After which we will have to unzip and import it into the application. Let's learn that too. After this is done, we will simply go to the Pixel Lab application. And after going to the Pixel Lab application, you will see 'My Fonts' here. We will tap on the plus sign, on text. Now, I'll also tell you all about another font website, which is free and provides you not one thousand, two thousand, but actually lakhs of different fonts. That is Dafont, D-A-F-O-N-T. And you will find such fonts that you have never even seen before. But here we will have to keep one thing in mind, that some of the fonts being given to us are licensed fonts, some are unlicensed fonts.