Friends, today's episode is for those who are thinking of starting a YouTube channel or have already started one but are getting very few views. After using these tricks, you'll get lakhs and millions of views. But yes, if you're getting 10-15 views, 50-60 views in the beginning, then guaranteed you'll get 400-500 views. But to understand all this, you have to watch today's episode till the end. Hello guys, welcome to Seek Official Show, YouTube Secrets Now, let's begin. So first, I'll tell you a small story about the trick. So what you have to do, whatever kind of content you create, whether it's a Jumper Tech, unboxing, or any mobile tricks, you have to look at all the YouTube channels of the same type that are getting good views. In the comments that come on those channels, there are always some questions like, "Sir, I need a solution to this problem, is this there or not?"  So you have to reply to those comments on those videos. If you're replying to the latest comments on the latest video of any YouTuber, explaining the solution to a problem, then you're targeting that user. But applying this trick in two or three videos won't do anything. You have to watch many videos a day and answer different questions. Only then will subscribers come to your channel. Now what will happen is that you made a short video, which was 10-15 seconds long, and these short videos go viral faster than normal videos. Why are you lagging behind? Trick number three: Very few people use this trick. When your YouTube channel is new, when it has only 40-50 subscribers, and you are completely fresh, you use their tricks and show in your video whether these tricks are working or not. And if you also mention them, what will happen? Your video will be suggested under their video. If I explain this practically, you can think that you have a very good video running where makeup tips are given, but something is on your mind: what if I try it? So if a video appears below it that has actually tried that trick, you'll definitely watch that video.  Will you watch it? Do let me know in the feedback. So friends, these were some tricks by following which you can get free views on your YouTube channel, and if you follow these, you won't even see any YouTube strike.