Friends, we all know that even if you make a video as good as tea, if you don't do good video SEO, your video won't rank on YouTube.  Things like which tags are correct and incorrect in your video, what your video title should be, or what mistakes you've made in YouTube video SEO that you can improve – if you fix these, your video… The third tool is my favorite; you can't skip it.  I'll tell you some good and bad things about all seven tools, and which tool should be used when.  The first tool we have is TubeBuddy. Below that, all your videos will be shown. Like, how many views your video has, how many likes, dislikes, and comments it has – you'll see everything here. What you can learn here is that if a video has a lot of likes and comments despite having fewer views, you can carefully watch that video and create similar content. After that, we go to Milestones.  You'll get different milestones here.  This isn't part of the review, so let's skip it. Now we go to News, and this is the feature of this app that I like, which makes it exclusive compared to other applications.  Here, all the news for YouTube Creators from various sources will be shown in one place.  For example, when I search here, all the data about "make money online" will be shown.  For example, what is the search volume, what is the competition, what overall result will you get if you make a video?  It will tell you which keywords have what search volume, what competition, and everything else. So, you can find out about any keyword. If you tap on any video on the 'Theodo' [likely a typo, perhaps intended to be "thread" or a specific app name], then simply tap on the video, and you will find out what mistakes you made while doing video SEO.  And I've also added tags in the description. If I miss anything in all these things, it will tell me that I've made this mistake in my video.  Then the title length, which are SEO-friendly things; if I haven't done them, it tells me that you can improve these things in your video. So, that was application number one, where you get to see all the features. Now let's talk about application number two, and after the second application, the third one I'm going to tell you about is even more interesting. Okay, look here: "Reach 1000 Subscribers by September 7, 2024". It found out – I don't know where it got the data from – but my birthday is on the 8th of September. It told me to reach 1000 subscribers before my birthday.  We go a little down, here we go to Daily Ideas.  When you come here, you'll see daily ideas where it will say view prediction: if you make a video… simply, we dismiss it. After that, there is a video prediction, medium; if you make a video on this content, you might get views, or you might not.  After that, we go to the research tool, and after coming here, we'll search for any keyword, and we'll get its complete biodata. Like, below it, it shows us in suggested keywords: "how to improve credit score". When I touch it, you'll see that its overall score is 56 out of 100. Its search volume is 61, and the competition is also medium, meaning not very high. Now, if I go to related keywords, you'll have to put 3-4 different keywords in your video title, and come here and get 3-4 more keywords from these 3-4 keywords. After that, we go to the optimization tool. Here, the videos we've already uploaded to our YouTube channel are shown, but we've made some mistakes, meaning our videos can be better.  Also, actionable items on which we can take action are 50 out of 50.  The performance of our videos isn't good.  It will tell us what improvements we need to make. If we go to edit, after going to edit, you'll go to "get title recommendations". As soon as you touch it, it tells you that instead of this title… like ours is 47, 54, 54, 45, everything is fine. If any of your keywords are red, change them immediately. Our video is currently ranking at number fifty. So, that was our second application which tells you all these things. And here, some good things I found are title recommendations, and also some good milestones are given. And it gives you titles, descriptions, tags, and even voiceovers, all created by AI. You can watch our episode on that. Now I'll tell you exactly which applications these are. After that, the AI Content Generator – whatever kind of video you want to make, just write it here, like "How To Make Money".  As soon as you search like this, in just one click… and that's why I said that out of today's three tools, the third one is my absolute favorite.