Friends, whether you have a mobile phone, laptop, or PC, and you're looking for completely free video editors where you can do amazing, professional video editing without watermarks,  then listen up!

If you edit videos on your mobile phone, there are some steps you should know; don't skip them. If you want to become a professional video editor, or want your YouTube videos to have amazing editing, you can master these two software:  Firstly, Premiere Pro, secondly, After Effects.

If your budget is between ₹50,000 and ₹80,000, you can get an editing PC built where you can edit full HD videos without interruptions.  Meaning, a single software, either After Effects or Premiere Pro, will do both jobs and at a very advanced level. Things that aren't possible in After Effects or Premiere Pro, you'll find here.  For all these reasons, I personally don't use DaVinci Resolve. Otherwise, this software is amazing and free.

But now let's talk about mobile applications. In my opinion, there are four or five software that were good three or four years ago, and are still good today, although some things have changed in them. Let me tell you about them.

First is KineMaster, and this application is my all-time favorite. We get so many assets that we can do Premiere Pro-like video editing on our mobile phones. You see so many options here; all the tools that should be in a video editing software, we find them all here. Its only problem is that it has a watermark.

Now, if you can use these applications fully, whether by paying or without paying, then there is no better application than these. Yes, VN or CapCut are also good, but...

Now, let's talk about not paying any money, 100% free, exporting videos without watermarks. Then you can use Vita Software, because I've tried exporting videos there. But yes, one thing might happen: after editing the entire video, when you want to export it, a 5-10 second ad might play.

If we talk about Indian apps, here again we get the option to edit 100 projects in a month, which you can bypass. And here we get more than one editing tool, which is CapCut.  I'm mentioning this app last because its server downtime and slow speed make the editing experience very bad.


In simple words, today's conclusion: If you edit on a mobile phone, before recording a video, you must plan how you will edit it, where the sound effects will go, which meme will go, and what background music will be used. While recording the video, try to use as many keywords as possible—keywords that you'll search on YouTube.

So friends, these were some of the best editing software for mobile and desktop. Which one did you like or which one are you using?  Let me know in the feedback. Thanks!