I don't know if you have 10 subscribers or 10,000 on your channel, but in the next 30 days, your YouTube channel is going to boost significantly if you pay attention to just 5 things.  Friends, monetizing a YouTube channel in thirty days and then growing it isn't a big deal; you just need to follow these five points. Let's look at them one by one step-by-step.  You'll see here that the people on my channel who are most active are in the 18-24, 25-34, and 35-44 age groups. So I have to create content accordingly.  A little further down, you'll see that 78% are male. This should give me an idea that I need to create content that males are more interested in.  Scrolling down a bit more, we see other things like your subscribers. Our first task should be to figure out how to create content that our audience likes. At the same time, you can go to "Inspiration" and see what kind of content is being created related to your content. Now, let's say you've decided on your content, but if you haven't made good content, what will happen? People will come to your channel, watch your videos...  learn in just 40 minutes. See how amazing the content in this update is. Look at the content below: "How to use Photoshop in mobile." From this content, we see that it's content that not everyone knows. So you need to create content on your channel that provides value along with entertainment. If we focus only on entertainment, we won't be able to succeed.  So what will your first impression be to a new subscriber, a new user? The first thing they'll see is your title and thumbnail.  After seeing that, an unknown audience will click on your video. Now, you shouldn't just write what your video is about; it will take time to think about how it's made because even today, if I make a video, it takes me 10-15 minutes to record, and then editing takes even more time.  You can see my most viral videos here. In one, I've written "Video editing full course in mobile," and below it, "Zero to hero in 40 minutes." I used very limited keywords to give a message that an unknown audience, after seeing it, will immediately click on my thumbnail. Now I'll break down my content's thumbnails for you. If I touch here, you'll see a thumbnail I made. The user's first glance goes to "Video Editing," and then they see "Full Course in Mobile." So, no matter where the user's eyes land on any keyword, they will look at my entire thumbnail, and that should be our target.  But it's not necessary to show keywords in every thumbnail. You won't believe its CTR (click-through rate); it's incredible. I go to Simply Analytics, then to Reels, and you'll see this video's CTR is 14%, consistently for the last 3-4 years. Now, let's talk about point number 4, which is very powerful if you know how to use it.  Now, you all know that on Instagram or YouTube, you can bring an audience from one platform to another. I'll show you with live proof how. Let's say I made a reel, and I'll show you its data.  This is the content for a longer video I'm going to make on YouTube. The hook of my content, the first 30 seconds, is planned so that it can be a reel and a longer video. So, you know this, you know this... and I mentioned one more thing in the list, and in this 10-minute video...  you know what happens? If we get views on our short videos, we can convert that traffic to our long videos. Make them your active subscribers. And how will that happen? By trying to engage with them through your YouTube tools. Like, livestream, reply to comments. If you follow these five points, there's no method by which you can't grow on YouTube. And if you follow them, nothing can stop your growth.