Friends, do you know that YouTube has given all YouTubers a feature? Hello Guys, Welcome to Seekho Official Show YouTube Secrets. Today I will tell you about YouTube Cards, how you can use them, what are the benefits, and what things we need to keep in mind? And if you are a YouTube video creator, it doesn't matter if you have fewer subscribers. First, let's see what I'm talking about. So here I'm playing my latest video.  As you play, notice that an 'i' button option will appear at the top: Surprise for you!  This means I can promote my website, my channel, any video, or playlist within any of my videos. And there's a smart way to use YouTube cards. First, let's see how to add YouTube cards. Simply, you will open Chrome browser. After going to Google, you will have to search in the URL tab: studio.youtube.com. We need to go to this video. For that, first, I'll tap on the three bars in the upper left corner, then on 'Content'. Then, all the videos I've created on my channel will appear. I have added three different cards here. So, I'll delete them for now so I can explain everything clearly. You can add your videos to cards, or someone else's videos, you just need the link.  Then, for playlists, you can add your channel's playlist or someone else's channel's playlist.  You can add your old channel, new channel, or any YouTube channel here.  Just open this tab, tap on 'Add Card', and add the card. We should absolutely not do this if our video starts playing and the cards appear within the first 3-4 seconds.  Even then, we can tell the audience that they can see the 'i' button, they will get the card, and when they tap it, they'll get their desired link. For a simple example, I'll show you a playlist in front of all of you. Simply tap on it. After that, the custom message is optional; what message do you want to give when someone clicks on the 'i' button? Then, teasers, teaser text are also optional. What are teaser texts? Then, the second option given here is the custom message. When someone clicks on the teaser, the custom message will be shown. You can modify it according to your needs. After doing this, you simply save, and the cards will be added to your video.  I get about 10-15% more views every month from this, and my earnings also increase. So you should definitely use it. If YouTube has given us a feature, it will have some benefit; that's why it's been given.  To explain to everyone what cards are, how they work, what the benefits are, and what things to keep in mind.