Friends, after making 650 videos on YouTube in the last eight years and getting two lakh fifty thousand subscribers, today it takes me only five minutes to upload a video from my mobile phone. Now, because I also know that most of you record, edit, and upload videos from your mobile phones, and some of you don't even have a laptop to do things like the video title, tags, description, and thumbnail, I'm going to show you how to do all of that live, and in the next 5 minutes. So keep watching. After opening, you will see a plus icon here. You have to tap on it. After this, your gallery will open in front of you, and whichever video you want to upload, you will simply tap on it. And I have created a thumbnail of our team member here, imported it here, and you will apply whichever relevant thumbnail here. After that, simply select. As my video is about how to get a government loan from an Aadhaar card, I can write the same thing in the title. And you can observe this in the videos of very big YouTubers. But since we are making a bigger video, we need to do proper SEO. So what we will do, and on this keyword, our video will rank 99% of the time, and if your video is good, this video is guaranteed to boost. Now, after this, what else can you do? You can put your social media links here, add relevant hashtags to the video, and to understand the description, you can watch our detailed episode on the Seekho app, which you will find in the YouTube Secret Show. After that, whenever you upload a video, at least our earnings don't go down. After that, we have to touch the audience, no, it is not made for kids. If it is not made for children, and if any video is targeting children under 13 years old, then you can make it yes, this video is made for kids. After that, age restriction. Now, since we had to touch no for both cases in our video, we have touched no here. And after doing this, I simply go back, and after going back, as I scroll down, we have the option to add to the playlist. As our video will go into the Loan category, I tapped here, and simply did done. After that, comments are off here, we tap here and turn it on too, so that anyone can comment on our video. So what you will do is click on this video, after clicking here, tap on edit, and an interface like this will appear in front of you. Here we have to tap on more options, then go to add text, then tap on rapid text, then tap on use text generator, and here you will simply paste the title you have copied, and within a few seconds, all that text will appear in front of you. Now our video is almost ready to publish, but we will wait for one to two hours so that if any yellow dollar comes on our video, we will know beforehand, and as soon as a green dollar comes on our video, we will publish the video. I have uploaded a video from my mobile phone using only YT Studio. If you have any doubts, you can tell me in the feedback. We will definitely address it in the next episode. Also, if you like our episodes,