Friends, before starting today's video, let's first see what we're going to learn today. So, take a look at this video. Have you ever heard that at midnight, on empty roads, an old bicycle bell rings?  If you watch today's episode till the end, you'll be able to make even better videos, a 5-minute video in just two hours. That is, I'm going to tell you about all the steps, everything. First, you have to download the ChatGPT application from the Play Store. After that, as soon as you open the app, you'll see this interface. You have to touch this ChatGPT 4.0 that you see in the top. As soon as you paste this text prompt here, after pasting, you'll press enter. Then ChatGPT will take 30 seconds to 1 minute. But it will generate a very solid story. And one thing to keep in mind, here I am generating a horror story. Now see how much ChatGPT is thinking to generate a story. That means we're going to get a very proper level of scripting after this text prompt. And here, ChatGPT has also started generating a story for us. After this prompt, ChatGPT will write you a story that will have a very engaging hook.  Meaning you don't have to think at all; ChatGPT will do the thinking.  Also, every second line will be connected to the previous line, meaning the story's script... After the script is ready, you will simply tap and hold it, then select text, and then copy the entire story and save it anywhere in Google Docs. Like this. After doing this, you have to save it. After that, you have to go to this secret website. I have told you all the name of this website in the video description. After coming to this website, in the middle you will see... and whatever kind of video you want to generate, you have to write it here. Like I wrote 'orange theme,' meaning some such colors should be in the video, so that an orange theme develops. After doing this, 50% of your work is done. Now you have to go back inside the script, that is, in Google Docs, and you have to copy the first line from here, like this. We copied up to here. As soon as we paste it, we'll press done, and here we'll create the quantity. And to make a one-minute video here, you'll need approximately 10 to 12 videos. That means you can edit a one-minute video in half an hour, and a five-minute video in two hours. You will copy the same prompt here, like this. After copying, you will go here inside the H2V model, where your subject videos will be ready. You will paste the same prompt here. Now, as soon as I tap on generate here, the creating option has come, and our video has started to be made. And by doing this, we have to prepare the visuals of our entire script. After that, we need a narrator, that is, someone who will read the story. But the voice should be very engaging. And I have talked about how to generate a lot of audio for free here at the end, so keep watching. After coming to 11 Labs, you will tap here three times, then tap on GoTo App, then tap three times again, and here, coming to text-to-speech, you have to paste your entire script here. Like I want to copy all the scripts whose voice I want to create here inside Google Docs. But one more thing to keep in mind, before generating the voice, you will tap on this name written here, and here you will search for the theme of whichever track's video it is. Like I searched for horror, so you will see here, I have got different voices, which are horror voices. I have to listen to each voice, and whichever voice I like, I will simply pick it. Until now, 80% of our work is done, only 20% is left, which if you do, your video will be completely ready, as I showed you in the intro. After that, we will go to that website from where we generated the video. Here, after pressing 'plan,' we will tap on 'mine,' and whatever video we have generated, you can see it above. Simply tap on this video, and after the video editor opens, you have to import the audio and video that you have downloaded. Simply tap on the project, tap on save, and after importing here, we need audio here. For the audio, we will import the audio that we downloaded. We will tap here above, tap on music. After that, open a document on one side, open your website on the other side, from where you are going to make the video. And in this way, you can create the visuals of the entire video. Now you can see here, with how much high detail, our 3D cartoon character has been prepared. Because these tools that I have used, some of these tools are very costly. So see, first of all, I have used ChatGPT's latest model, O1, to generate the script, which offers a 100% free plan for the starting few days, but with slightly less speed. But for those few days, you can generate a lot of videos. The third website we used is 11labs, where you get the option to generate audio up to 10,000 characters for free. Now, use the method you used on the previous website here; create multiple accounts.