Friends, my YouTube video didn't get any views yesterday, but now look closely, a few views increased yesterday, then more views increased, and the best part is that we'll show this video to people who are interested in watching it. Now see, I have many subscribers on YouTube, but I wasn't active on this YouTube channel, meaning I wasn't making videos. So, as soon as I published the video, I got 600-700 views. You'll find this on both the Play Store and App Store, and this application is free in the beginning. Okay, you can benefit from it for quite some time for free. Sir, what's special about this application?  Did the views of this app explode? Well, that's the art, which you have to understand, my brother. Look what I'm doing. I go to YouTube, and here I have made three different videos. Now, after making those short videos, what I'm doing is, at the end of my video, I talk about this code, that if you want a complete course on this, just comment this code. And after doing this, now I go to Instagram, and after going to Instagram, you'll see here, I made a video here, which got only 19,000 views, and I'm getting new comments every millisecond, every second, where people have asked me for the CEYT 809, CEYT 809 course. You'll see, here more than a thousand people have asked me for the CEYT 09 course. How will it go if I go into the comments here? You will see, everyone commenting here...look, another comment came eight seconds ago, no seconds ago, twenty-seven seconds ago. In a way, I did free promotion of my video, properly, with the interest of the people, delivering the video only to those who want to watch it, without spending a single rupee.  For any Instagram posts where you want to run campaigns, you'll tap on Instagram comment reply, then tap on specific posts and reels, on this post, and do next, and for this video, for this post, whatever comment you want, you will get that comment here, like I'm writing SWKHOC, and doing publish. If anyone comments this on my post, they'll get a yes confirm, automatically a DM will go. Now you can also try this thing, go to my Instagram if you want to check it out. Now let's talk about this factor, which, if you do, your account can also be deleted. If you have given many spam mails, spam website links through Instagram, then we have to keep in mind that we should not send any spam comments or spam DMs. Along with that, you shouldn't do this personally, this is manageable by a bot, a bot can do it, but you can't.