Friends, if you also want to record your mobile screen 100% freely, like me, where your face is also visible, there's a highlighter, arrows, and many more advanced tools, and you can also record your mobile screen using the same tools and create very professional-level videos without spending a single penny, you have to simply touch "Don't ask again," then on "Enable floating icon," and after touching here, you have to search for the name of this application here.  As I have found the name here, after touching it, we will allow the permissions. After allowing, we go back and go back again. We will touch on settings here, then touch on video settings, and then touch on 1080p here so that our screen recording is recorded in full HD. Along with this, the quality here, then on FPS, we will do 60 FPS. If your phone supports it, you can also do 30. These are the basic settings that you have to do before using this application. After that, we come back, then scroll down a little here, and here, you will see these options, "Hide Floating Ball During Recording," you have to tick this so that whenever you are recording, this recording icon does not appear in the screen recording. By doing this, your screen recording... because many times it happens that we are not able to see the screen or we are not able to touch the screen for 30 seconds, so the screen recording automatically pauses. But after enabling this, even if you take your hand off the screen, for that, what we will do is simply touch the camera, touch settings, then touch the circle, then you will see, like me, here you will have face-to-face screen recording.  We mainly talk about how to use the tools and also what the name of this application is. So look, to use this application, what we have to do is, this side bar icon that is visible, you have to touch it here. After touching the pencil icon below, I can draw whatever I want on the screen. Along with that, there are secondary tools, with the help of these, I can highlight anything. Using them, you can take screenshots, remove the screen, change the color, you can increase or decrease the size of your brush.