Friends, do you know you can run multiple channels from one Gmail account? Not one, not two, you can run even ten channels here.  As you can see on the screen, this is my Gmail account. It has many advantages and many disadvantages too. And if you are a YouTube video creator, you should definitely know these things. Hello guys, welcome to Seekho Official Show YouTube Secrets 9. Let's begin!  Along with that, securing all email IDs and passwords becomes very difficult. You have to remember them. And if a hacking attack happens to one of our multiple IDs, we can't even handle it.  Along with that, I'll tell you another amazing thing. Check on your YouTube channel, when you have created your personal channel, you cannot appoint any editor or film manager there. When I touch here, I will get the option that I can set an editor, manager on my channel, who can only watch the videos on my channel, edit them but cannot delete the videos. And these options, you cannot execute them on a normal account. For these, you need a brand account. And all the different channels I am showing you are all brand accounts. So how can you make your channel a brand account? And once you create a brand account, how can you convert it back to a normal account? So you can make someone a manager, someone an editor, and give access to everyone on different email IDs. And they will only see the features in their account that you allow them. But should we connect multiple channels from one Gmail account? The answer is, yes, you should, but you should keep some things in mind. Because if your Gmail account is hacked, whoever hacks it will be able to access all the channels connected to that Gmail account. And even if you recover your channel after a day or two, you will still suffer a huge loss. Also, keep one ID logged in on only one phone. Don't log it in multiple places, because many times we forget to log out of our account from a mobile phone. Now, if your subscribers have increased considerably, and your main income source is YouTube, and you want to spend some money on security, then you can buy security software too. What would you prefer? Creating multiple channels with one email ID or creating multiple IDs for different channels?  Definitely tell me in the feedback. Also, if you like our episodes, rate us with five stars. Thanks for watching.