Today I'm going to tell you all about the biggest mistake of my life on my YouTube channel, and I request you all with folded hands to never make this mistake on your YouTube channel. You will get to know the details in the next 4 minutes. Hello Guys, Welcome to Seekho Official Show, YouTube Secrets. Now, Let's Begin. So look, whether your YouTube channel is new or old, everyone will see this interface. First, you have to open your YT Studio.  Like the first thing we have is Returning Viewers, Unique Viewers, and you will see Subscribers in the list. So what we have to do is understand these two tabs, meaning Unique Viewers and then Returning Viewers, in great depth, and only then will you understand. Returning Viewers are those people who have watched one of your videos once, came to your channel, and after the video ends, after a day, two days, or even a month later, they come back to your channel and watch your videos again. How many new subscribers are there on your channel, how many old subscribers are there, you can see that here. And in my case, as I said, my biggest mistake is that I couldn't retain my subscribers. And that mistake was this: on my channel, there aren't even 500-1000 returning viewers who watch my videos again. And this is the mistake because of which, if you go to my channel, the oldest videos have good views.  YouTube gave me the opportunity to reach people, but I couldn't retain my subscribers, my viewers. I didn't create content within a niche. Because of this, a person who watched my video, it would be about editing, and then my second video would be about online earning. So the content of both videos was different. If you want to balance this, you have to create niche content on your channel, regular content, and engage every subscriber, every viewer. And if you do this, you won't believe it, even if your YouTube subscribers decrease, your average views will still be good, and you will be able to earn good money in the long term. So the mistake I made...