Friends, those who have been working on YouTube for a long time don't face this problem, but those who have recently created a new YouTube channel face this problem a lot. And even if it comes, you have to try different filters, or it comes at number four or five, or you come across an opponent who created their channel a long time ago. How can you rank your YouTube channel higher? Along with this, I will also tell you some things in today's video that you should know so that your channel, along with your other videos, can also rank higher. In today's episode, I'm going to solve three different problems for all of you. The first is that your channel appears at the top before anything else is shown. Second, your latest videos also appear below it. If this happens, your chances of getting more views increase because the user will be shown the video they want to see. Now, to do this, you will have to take three different steps. So, simply search studio.youtube.com. As soon as you search this, this interface will appear in front of you, and simply click on "Go to YouTube Studio" here. After this, we have to go to settings, then we have to go to the channel, and after touching here, a section will appear where we are given the keywords option, and here are the channel keywords.  As my name is Comfort Earning, you can see different names like Comfort Earning, Earning Comfort, Comfort Earning.  And you can add all of them one by one here, with spaces, without spaces. If you do this, YouTube gets to know, and yes, this is 100% true that as soon as you complete this step, after completing this step, you upload 10 or 12 videos on your channel, your YouTube channel will start ranking automatically. You might have the question that will our latest videos also appear? Yes, we don't have to do anything, YouTube shows some, but wait, the Shorts videos, your name should be in every tag, meaning your channel name should be there. Along with that, you can also add "By Comfort Earning" in the title, or you can add your channel name. Meaning, in my channel, I will add Comfort Earning. Now, I'll tell you practically what happens with this. Whenever you search anything on YouTube, your search history is created, so YouTube comes to know.  And even good YouTubers don't know about this fact, that's why I'm telling you that whether your channel is new or old, if you watch our episode till the end, and if you think we can improve something in our show, then you can tell us in the feedback. Otherwise, if you like to rate better than better, then watch our videos. Thanks for watching.