Friends, this is one of my YouTube videos. When I uploaded it, it only had 335 views, 335. But if I come back, and after coming back, if you look now, it has 137,000 views. Now, let me tell you the most amazing thing about it. When I uploaded this video, in the initial days, this video didn't get any views at all. And I'm going to show you all the practical proof of this. We had recently created a new YouTube channel, and we were constantly uploading videos on it, but none of the videos were getting any views. So today I'm going to tell you how you can increase views on videos you've already uploaded and which haven't received any views, i.e., how to increase views on old videos. Look, first of all, let's talk about this video of mine, which currently has 137,000 views. If I go to the analytics of this video, then we go to lifetime, you will see here that my subscribers watched the video a little bit, and after that, nobody watched our video. But after that, you saw, slowly, slowly, the views started increasing, and they are still increasing. Suddenly it struck me that this video is very good, but it's not performing well. So I applied a small trick; I changed its title, tags, and description. And just by doing this, our video started getting views within one or two days. Now I'll show you all live proof of this. This is a YouTube channel of one of my friends. Then these are the two latest videos; suddenly these videos started getting views. Now you must be thinking that I might have shared them. No, it's 100% organic traffic from YouTube. And this happened only by using this trick. And then we applied analytics after 24 hours on this channel, and you can see that there was a tremendous boost. Now, it's a different matter that my friend's video wasn't very good. If your video is very good, it would definitely go viral. So friends, the conclusion and the most important point of today's entire video is this, and the chances of your content performing well increase. How did you like today's content? Do tell me in the feedback. Thanks for watching.