Friend, you must have seen many times on YouTube that big YouTubers do various giveaways for their subscribers.  Whether it's a mobile phone or a thousand rupees, and we'll talk about how you can take advantage of this if you have very few subscribers. But if you are a YouTuber, understand one thing carefully: patience is very important for you.  Technical Guruji, Technical Dost, these big YouTubers used to do giveaways on their channels, but they don't do them today. So first, let's talk about the side effects. The side effects are that let's say you did a giveaway on your channel, and one user got a thousand rupees or a smartphone as a gift. Then what will happen? They will expect a gift from you next time as well. Second thing, since you are forcefully showing people videos, they won't watch your videos completely. And in this case, YouTube demotes your video, and your channel might get views in a short time, but it will never grow in the long run. Now let's talk about the third side effect. Because of this, YouTube thinks that users are being forcibly shifted from their platform to another platform. And in this case, the organic reach of your channel is decreased. Because they understand that if we do a giveaway, we are, in a way, bribing someone to watch the video. They will get addicted, and then they will only watch our videos for the giveaways. So, you have to conduct giveaways with a bit of strategy. You need to ask five questions in five different places within your video. Now, what will happen is that if you have asked five questions in five different places in the video, people will watch your 10-minute video for at least 2-3 minutes to find them. It will take them two to three minutes. So YouTube will think that this video is good; that's why people are showing so much engagement and watching the video. Now, let's talk about if you are a fresh YouTuber, should you do this? My answer is that if you don't have a budget, if you get 200-300 views, then I hope all the doubts in your mind about giveaways are cleared. If you still have any doubts, you can ask me in the feedback.