Friends, before starting today's video, let's look at this. This is the CTR of one of my videos, the first 24 hours' data, which I have received. It's only 4.7%. But if I go to 7 days, you'll see this video's... and it's showing below, 7% more than the previous 7 days. Compared to the previous seven days, this is much higher. And if I go to "Since Publish," you can see 14.0%, a pretty good CTR. Which is quite amazing in itself.  Meaning, this must have gotten quite a lot of views. You're absolutely right. If I go back, after going back, you'll see this video has 7.5 million impressions. So let's first understand what A/B testing is, and afterward, I'll also tell you a condition where if you do A/B testing, even your video that was going to go viral won't. So stay tuned to the video till the end. But when I published this video, in the first 24 hours, its thumbnail had a 4.7% CTR. And as I changed the thumbnail, its CTR started increasing, and within a week, its CTR became 14%.  It's not that you made a similar thumbnail, changed the color, changed the photo, not at all. The concept of both thumbnails should be different; one should have a different theme, the other a different theme. You practically understand how to do A/B testing, right? Whenever you make a video, you have to design, optimize not one, but two different thumbnails and two titles. And the second thumbnail, second title, you have to update it. By doing this, if you feel that yes, its CTR has started increasing, then let it be. That means you have to track the performance of both. And obviously, one of the two thumbnails will perform better, and you should keep the video uploaded with that one. See, this was my video that performed quite well. I mean, it only had a 4% CTR, but it ran very well on YouTube. Despite having such a low CTR, as I changed its thumbnail, there were many fluctuations. This video ranked well on YouTube, in YouTube Suggestions, in Browse features. But in an attempt to increase views, in an attempt to increase the CTR, that it remains at 4%, that it brings good traffic, you shouldn't change the thumbnail under any condition. So this was the proper A/B testing of the thumbnail. I hope you understood, you learned something new.