Friends, YouTube Studio provides us with a feature that tells us how we should make videos and how we shouldn't. It doesn't matter how many subscribers you have, so that our channel can grow very quickly. So if you are a YouTube video creator, you must know about this tool, about this feature. But knowing about this tool won't do anything. And if you watch today's video till the end, 90% of your doubts about how to grow on YouTube will be cleared.  We don't waste any time; we directly start today's episode. So first, you have to open YT Studio on your mobile. Now, as you can see here, my latest published video is shown here. After that, another video is shown below, and then other videos are shown. You have to tap here, tap on this arrow. When you tap on this arrow, a graph showing something like 22 days, 20 hours will appear in front of you.  Your latest 10 videos will be shown here. If I had uploaded them a month ago, then a graph of the last 30 days would have been shown here. So, in this way, the video you uploaded last 10th will be shown here.  I hope you understood this. Now let's understand this a little more deeply. But we have to understand what kind of videos to make and what kind of videos not to make. And if we make those videos back-to-back, our channel might die. So look here, the very last video shown is the one I made on "how to delete Instagram ID".  YouTube didn't suggest this video in YouTube search, the browse feature, or anywhere else. This means that if I make this kind of content and make it continuously, my channel might also die. Here also you can see that there were double-digit views, and after that, again YouTube didn't recommend it further. I will tell you another reason for this. Look a little below. Let's go back a little. Here we tap on this video. I am understanding one thing, that if I am making videos on "bash loan app" here, my videos are performing very poorly. After that, what kind of videos should we make? We should make videos that are shown at the top, the number one video. As you can see here, I have one video. This also means that if I make such videos, YouTube promotes my videos more. But now this doesn't mean that I will make all the videos like this.  You have to analyze which four videos are at the top, and you have to make back-to-back videos on your channel related to those four videos. Because those videos are telling you what kind of videos your subscribers are interested in watching. And if you only pay attention to these things, pay attention to the top 10 trending videos, just make good videos, upload them, and forget about them, and then think why my views are not good. Making good videos doesn't do anything. You have to create content that your subscribers want to watch. If you like all my episodes, please give them a five-star rating. This motivates me a lot to create even better content.