Friends, let's assume you've talked about ten different things in your video, ten different keywords.  And if your video ranks top for all ten keywords, how amazing would that be? Today I'm going to tell you about video chapters, and video chapters are a powerful tool. If used correctly, they can 10X your video's SEO, make it 10 times super-fast SEO. There's a very large YouTube channel called "Billi For YouTube." They're quite veteran YouTubers and teach good video editing. So, if I go to their YouTube channel, to their video, and as soon as I play this video, after playing it, if you go to the description, and check the description, you'll see chapters listed here.  After that, "kindmaster introduction," after that, "interface," after that, "insert media file," and you can also do this in your videos, in just a few seconds. You just need to know a few things, but there are many benefits. YouTube itself says so, and your video also ranks higher on Google. The first advantage is that adding chapters to your video is very easy. You just have to see what points you discussed in your video. Now you know at what second, at what time, which part starts. We just need to keep this in mind. Now we need to go inside the description. I'll show you their description. Simply tapped "More," see? So, what happens is YouTube knows that you talked about a particular point from a particular time to a particular time, and chapters are automatically added to your video. So, all the chapters, the keywords you discussed in your video, if someone searches on Google, your video will show up there.  Simultaneously, if someone searches on YouTube, your video will show up there. The second advantage is that if people download your videos, then how they watch those videos, I don't know, and I don't get that watch time, and I don't get our earnings. But if you add chapters, the viewer engagement will increase. And they will watch chapter after chapter. And now let's talk about the losses. So look, there is no loss in this.