Friends, just as you learn that you can watch different types of content on a single app, such as the stock market, YouTube tips, online earning, app reviews, and much more. If you are creating different types of content, then you will be able to target more people from your channel, which will greatly increase your chances of getting more views. But there could be a big problem with this, which we will learn about in today's special episode. So don't skip it at all.  Greetings friends, I am Hawasin, and welcome to Seek Official YouTube Secrets. Let's learn something new today. First, let's understand what a video series is. All these are different shows running, and in one application, you get to see different types of content. Now, whoever likes which content can watch it with ease. We can also do the same very easily on our YouTube channel.  Meaning, we make videos on Digital Marketing, Graphic Designing, Video Editing, Python, Coding, almost every type. So people will get confused about which video to watch first and which one later. You can see here, 17 videos Master React JS full series, they have created. After that, SEO A-Z tutorial, below that you will see 11 videos made on Random Value. Now, we should know which things to keep in mind while creating this series, otherwise, you will see such losses on your channel that you cannot even imagine. Because, whichever content they start making a series on, they completely explore that content. By making small videos, they explain the entire topic. So that if someone watches one video, then they watch all the videos. I will explain to you with 2-3 different examples. First, let's say you have a YouTube channel where you talk about technology, you also do unboxing on your channel. That channel is down today, but there was a time, from 2016, but in 2018-19, when their show became so popular that their entire channel became a hit. Meaning, people got used to it, as soon as the time came, below you will see Netanagari, the same show is being discussed here, and here we will see different shows. Now, if you also want to run such series on your YouTube channel, how can you run them? Look, simply what we have to do? First, we have to plan, what kind of audience is active on your channel? And when I have three different series, then I will start putting regular content on them. Now I will tell you about the series of my YouTube channel which became the most popular, from which I earned lakhs of views, and that is YouTube Mastermind, which you can see below. Here, I have only... after that, Facebook Mastermind, the complete Facebook page, we have covered it in 15 videos. And when we ran the series, the views were 300, 400, 500, but today you will see thousands of views on each video, 400,000, 7,000, 500,000, 18,000. So, similarly, you will have to see on your YouTube channel what kind of content people like to watch and you can create a regular series on it. Just grab one keyword and keep making videos on it back to back.