YouTube channels like Dhruv Rathee, Nitish Rajput, and Deshbakh create 30-30 minute videos.  In the same space where, 50-60 years ago, songs used to be 8-10 minutes long.  It's a tricky situation;  short videos have problems, long videos have problems.  The ideal video length depends on the specific YouTube channel.  Welcome to Seeko Official Show YouTube Secrets. Now let's begin. This is my phone screen and this is my YT Studio. After going here, I simply go to Videos. After going here, after touching "Short by," I touch "Most Viewed." Meaning, the videos that are my... but I will tell you only about those videos from which you can learn something. My first video has 26 lakh views. Here you will see it's a 38-minute video. First, let's see what the topic of my 38-minute video is. I explained, "Professional Video Editing Tutorial from KineMaster." This is software that, if I want to teach, even eight or ten hours would be less. And here, I taught the whole thing in just 40 minutes. Meaning, how fast I explained it to people so that they understood and didn't get a chance to skip the video. Meaning, the content was prepared in a very engaging way. I just had to tell them to go to a website and after going there, they can access Photoshop. You notice one thing here, if I give you in-depth information about this video, what do we understand? We have to create content that the audience can watch very comfortably, attentively, and without leaving the video abruptly. And from here, you can get an idea that a 38-minute video on my YouTube channel doesn't bore the viewer, but allows them to enjoy the content engagingly. And now let's talk about the points I mentioned at the start of today's episode. If someone starts a video, they don't want incomplete knowledge. They'll want to watch the whole thing, even if it's an hour long. Earlier, songs used to be 8-10 minutes long. But at that time, people had so much patience that they used to listen to the entire songs. But who has that patience today? Now the question is, how long should your videos be on your channel? Look, no one can give you the exact answer. In fact, even if you try to find it, you won't be able to. We need to focus on three things: our hook, our video's body, and our outro. We have to plan our video's hook in such a way that the audience also sees our video's outro.  Watch today's episode again very seriously if you don't understand these things. How content should be planned so that your video is optimized best and goes viral on YouTube quickly. Now, whether it's one minute, five minutes, fifty minutes, or five hours, YouTube doesn't care. Your content just needs to be good.