On Elvis Yadav's YouTube channel, you can watch his latest videos.  Here, 3 million, 10 million, 6 million, and 6 million views were received on his videos. But, as he made a controversial video exposing Dhruv Rathee, controversy on a YouTube channel is as important as fuel for running a bite (a short, attention-grabbing video segment). I have divided today's episode into three parts. First, what are the benefits of creating controversy? Second, how can we do controversy in a good way? And third, which is the most important part, legal action can be taken against you, or a community guideline strike can come on your channel.  Meaning, the mistakes you absolutely should not make. So, absolutely do not skip the last 30 seconds.  Popular creators' videos are watched, giving you a chance to reach new audiences. Now, when both are covering the controversy, both creators, Elvis Yadav and Dhruv Rathee, have received media attention. Because of this, they are also getting that audience. People just come to see what's going on between them.  Sandeep Maheshwari's and BeerBiceps' controversy was huge; after that, you can now see Elvis Yadav and Dhruv Rathee's. Because if we raise a pointless topic, the other side won't respond, and the audience won't want to watch. 2. Research and Find Topics. But one thing to note is that the facts used in the videos Elvis Yadav made turned out to be almost all false. Whereas, Dhruv Rathee, after fact-checking, uploaded his videos. So, if you think you want to win the controversy, you have to do thorough research and fact-checking first. You have to disagree respectfully. If you do this, there's a high chance that the person you're making the video against will respond properly, and your image won't be tarnished. Now, let's talk about four mistakes. If you start a controversy on the wrong topic and you lose the controversy, or no solution comes out, and in the end, you turn out to be wrong, your image can be severely damaged. So, whatever controversial video you make, you must keep in mind all of YouTube's Community Guidelines. Third, Mental Health. If on your YouTube channel, you receive a lot of negative comments from the public because you're making a video against a big creator, like Dhruv Rathee said in his video about Godi YouTubers (pro-government YouTubers) for about 6 minutes. Then those politicians whom Dhruv Rathee criticized in his video have filed an FIR (First Information Report) against him.