Friends, this is a normal thumbnail and this is a viral thumbnail. Again, this is a normal thumbnail and this is a viral thumbnail.  By keeping only these few things in mind, you can convert any normal thumbnail into a viral thumbnail.

Rule number one: Clickable verse each click bait. Many people think that by writing exaggeratedly on the thumbnail, clicks will come automatically. Therefore, if you create any thumbnail, it should be 100% relevant to your content. Relevant means similar to your content. Nothing wrong should be written on your thumbnail.  To explain it very simply, on YouTube, you should not write anything exaggerated on thumbnails, nor should you put any misleading information, nor should you write anything on the thumbnail that is not mentioned in the video.

The 30-70 rule, and this rule is very powerful. You must have your branding on the right side of your thumbnail. Where you can put your photo, use your brand colors, put your logo – things you talked about in your video. Because our goal should be that the kind of video we have made, the same kind of audience comes to see our content, so that we get more watch time. So we read it right to left. Therefore, whenever you create a Hindi or English thumbnail, you should always write the thumbnail titles or any text from left to right. And whenever you write any text on the thumbnail, the text below it should be in a different color or with a proper background, so that both fonts can be read separately.

Whenever you create a thumbnail, the color of the text on your thumbnail should be totally opposite to the background. But if you use dark red on a black background or red on a blue background, it will not be killer visible, and people will have to work very hard to read that font. Now, at the very beginning, understanding color combinations will be very difficult for you. Therefore, I am telling you a very simple trick.  Whatever thumbnails of big YouTubers you see, you have to reduce the size of your thumbnail to see how your thumbnail looks. Then the very thumbnail will look very small there. So you have to reduce the size of your thumbnail to see how your thumbnail looks. Is it easy to understand? Is it easy to read? If you think that even after looking at your thumbnail in a small size, someone can recognize it, then your thumbnail is good. Otherwise, you will have to make your thumbnail even better.  [The final paragraph repeats "If you do it to do it" multiple times, indicating a transcription error in the original Hindi text.]