Before starting today's video, I have two different questions for all of you.  First, how many of you have already monetized your YouTube channel, meaning you're earning money? If your YouTube channel hasn't been monetized yet, it's very important for you to know when a YouTube channel gets monetized, what criteria need to be fulfilled, and how to monetize a YouTube channel in 2024.  If I touch on comfort learning, then we go to the earn tab.  And keep in mind, your phone will also have the same option.  As you touch the app, this interface will appear in front of you: "Start your earning journey"—how you can start the money-making journey. What are these three things? If we talk about the membership tab, you've seen many YouTube channels with this button, after which some special features are given to subscribers. And to do this, we don't need 1000 subscribers and 4000 watch hours. What do we need? Let's understand that. Let's scroll down a little. Look here, eligibility. Now, pay attention to one thing here. This is showing data from May 3rd, 2024, and today's date is May 8th.  This means the data from eight days ago will be counted. You will have to wait another five days. Now let's talk about its criteria. The criteria are very simple: your YouTube channel should have 500 subscribers; then, one video should show watch time; if this doesn't happen, there should be 3 million views on shorts videos. If you fulfill these three criteria in 2024, these three features will be enabled on your YouTube channel.  If you want short, sweet ads, meaning ads in the middle of short videos and also ads on longer videos, then what will the criteria be? Let's go a little lower. You can see these criteria here: Continue to Grow. Here, watch page ads and short feed ads—these are the very ones we are talking about. See here, we have 440 subscribers; we need to complete 1000 subscribers. And these 1000 subscribers, all of your subscribers from the last 1 year, 2 years, 3 years will be counted. Then, here are 4000 watch hours—meaning in the last 365 days, as you are counting from today. As we move forward, our previous days will also be deducted. For example, if you count this from May 10th, then your watch time from May 10th, 2023 to May 10th, 2024 will be counted. And if the watch time is not completed, what can you do? Your short videos should have 10 million views.  From these two—meaning within the watch time and within 10 million views.