Friends, in the insights of this video, you can see that if 100 people started watching this video, 47 people watched it till the end. This means that the video's scripting was so solid. I'm going to tell you how I wrote its hook, how I planned the intro, and also how I did the content research, so that you too can create such powerful scripts like me. And lastly, I explained that first understand that there are different ways to create scripts. Someone just writes the bullet points of what will be spoken in the video and then re-records them according to their own way. So look friends, before starting scripting, you have to ask yourself three questions first. First, how many minutes long should the video be? Second, who are the users who will watch your video?  To create your script, Step No. 1: Prepare the hook. Hook means a punch line which, after hearing, the viewer will feel that I have to watch this video, otherwise I will miss out on a lot. Second: Prepare the content body. For example, for the hook, I wrote: It took me 3 years to reach from 0 to 1000 subscribers, but it took me only 5 months to reach from 1000 to 1 lakh subscribers.  Not only this friends, but in just these 5 months, I earned so much money that you can buy 5 iPhone 16 Pro Max today, that too 1TB ones. Now, it's a simple thing; if there is any new YouTuber who hasn't yet earned money from YouTube, this is shocking news for them, and this line is enough to keep them hooked till the end. To create a hook line, you have to identify the biggest weakness of your subscribers. I wrote, friends, it's a matter of thinking about what those tricks were that gave my channel such a tremendous boost, and what were the mistakes that I made and which you shouldn't make at all in your initial days. So friends, before shooting the entire video, you have to think about the script that what is the most important point of my video.  About that point, like here, what I wrote is that in the first 30 seconds of the video, I showed my video because of which my channel got such a tremendous boost.  And you decide what points you will tell in your video, which are important for your subscribers. Then you will divide your script into multiple parts. Now think, the viewer will get a punch line every 2-3 minutes, which will force him to watch the entire video and he won't skip the video. So, a solid script is ready.